Update .NET docs (#6707)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/wizard/dotnet/index.md

dotnet add package Sentry -v {{ packages.version('sentry.dotnet') }}
```

Initialize the SDK as early as possible. For example, call `SentrySdk.Init` in your `Program.cs` file:

```csharp
using Sentry;

SentrySdk.Init(options =>
{
    // A Sentry Data Source Name (DSN) is required.
    // See https://docs.sentry.io/product/sentry-basics/dsn-explainer/
    // You can set it in the SENTRY_DSN environment variable, or you can set it in code here.
    options.Dsn = "___PUBLIC_DSN___";

    // When debug is enabled, the Sentry client will emit detailed debugging information to the console.
    // This might be helpful, or might interfere with the normal operation of your application.
    // We enable it here for demonstration purposes when first trying Sentry.

>     // You should not do this in your applications unless you are troubleshooting issues with Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // You shouldn't do this in your applications unless you're troubleshooting issues with Sentry.
```

    options.Debug = true;

>     // This option is recommended, which enables Sentry's "Release Health" feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // This option is recommended. It enables Sentry's "Release Health" feature.
```

    options.AutoSessionTracking = true;

    // This option is recommended for client applications only. It ensures all threads use the same global scope.

>     // If you are writing a background service of any kind, you should remove this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // If you're writing a background service of any kind, you should remove this.
```
